# speech-to-text
The video I started with didn't return a transcript, and I think that was because there wasn't much recognizable audio for Whisper to actually detect. There were no voiceovers and no narration — the only things said were very brief and part of the B-roll itself, which I guess is a limitation for Whisper. The second video I chose had narration throughout, and Whisper did better with it. The transcript itself was almost entirely accurate, and I was impressed. The main issue I noticed was that it didn't distinguish between different voices. In this case, B-roll with natural sound was interspersed with voiceovers/interviews that seemed to be done after the clips were filmed, so sometimes, the person talking in an interview would say half a sentence, the video would fade out to a natural sound clip from someone else (e.g. someone reading in a classroom), and then it would go back to the interviewee's voice. Whisper didn't seem to pick this up — sometimes, it didn't provide adequate punctuation between different ideas, and most of the time, new lines in the transcript weren't created for each new speaker. So it would be hard by reading just the transcript to determine when a video contains multiple voices and nuanced stylstic choices in terms of audio editing. It also missed out on small things here and there. Nothing it missed was crucial to understanding the video, because it was mostly random comments picked up as part of the natural sound in the video, but it made me worried that Whisper would miss transcribing a more important snippet of audio if I were to use it for something where I needed to get a super accurate transcript. 